
Pros
======

Superb craftsmanship
instant loading awesome
...much more

DL - I'm liking the design a lot. It's slick/fast and I think we're super close
to having a viable MVP. I love how the learning curve is so low. My Dad likes it :)

Cons
======

Specific
------

When I change the screen orientation on mobile, the login/signup red background freaks out and covers only part of the screen for a second.

Some text is selectable that shouldn't be (i.e. # of votes)

All polls say "Professor Lo's Poll"--even those I created

When I logged in on mobile, the app vomited. (See screenshots.)

DL - When I go to "My Polls" and refresh the page, I get a white screen (I believe the exception
  it's throwing has something to do with React? See screenshot please)

DL - When I login it should take me directly to "My Polls"

DL - Maybe a way to decrease/increase the # of options. A,B to A-Z?

Broad
------

The Login/signup dynamic is a little weird. I wasn't quite sure whether to create an accountI should type in an email/password or click somewhere else to go to a "create account" page. The current solution may be perfect; let's see what Derek's dad thinks.
    DL - My dad and I agree with Will on this. I think a more traditional set up where you select
    either login or signup would be preferable. Maybe we can make them into two separate buttons,
    with "Sign up" emphasized, since this is the action we want to promote? I think wunderlist.com
    is a good example.


DL - Submitting an answer to a poll is confusing. There needs to be a bit more feedback
than just pressing down the button I think. Maybe the percentages appear in opaque red
like in one of your previous mocks? I think it's safe to assume for now that the students
can see the results of the poll.

DL - I don't think 2 random words is necessarily the best way to access the poll. Perhaps we should do something like professorusername-# where # is incremented each time he/she creates a poll? The 3 issues I see with this method is 1) prof needs to create a username 2) it reveals username 3) it reveals how many polls a prof has created.

Why can't I delete a poll?

On mobile, I find the interface perhaps too small and hard to read.
